documentation/plugin-creation.md, before:

# Plugin Creation

Plugins are a way to extend the functionality of Whispering Tiger.

There mignt still be changes to the plugin system in the future.

## How to use

Plugins are loaded from the `Plugins` directory in the root of the project. The directory is scanned for `.py` files and each file is loaded as a plugin.

## How to write

Plugins are written as Python classes. The class must inherit from `Plugins.Base` and implement the `init`, `timer`, `stt` and `tts` methods.

The `timer` method is called every x seconds (defined in `plugin_timer`) and is paused for x seconds (defined in `plugin_timer_timeout`) when the STT engine returned a result.

The `stt` method is called when the STT engine returns a result.

The `tts` method is called when the TTS engine is about to play a result, except when called by the sst engine.
So if you want to play a sound when the STT engine returns a result, you should do it in the `stt` method as well.

The `init` method is called at the initialization of whispering tiger, right after the settings file is loaded.

## Helper methods

The `Base` class provides some helper methods to make it easier to write plugins.

`get_plugin_setting(self, setting, default=None)` - Get a plugin setting from the settings file. If the setting is not yet in the settings file, the default value is used.

`set_plugin_setting(self, setting, value)` - Set a plugin setting in the settings file.

__Note:__ _When using the *_plugin_setting methods, the settings are saved with the class name as the section name. So if you have a plugin called `ExamplePlugin`, the settings will be saved in the `ExamplePlugin` section._

`is_enabled(self, default=True)` - Check if the plugin is enabled. If the plugin is not yet in the settings file, the default value is used. So by default, plugins will be enabled. Use this around your main functionality to allow enabling/disabling of your plugin even at runtime.


## Example plugin
```python
import Plugins
import settings
import VRC_OSCLib

class ExamplePlugin(Plugins.Base):
    def init(self):
        if self.is_enabled():
            print(self.__class__.__name__ + " is enabled")
        else:
            print(self.__class__.__name__ + " is disabled")
        pass
        # prepare all possible plugin settings and their default values
        # (make sure to use get_plugin_setting() to not overwrite user changed settings)
        self.get_plugin_setting("hello_world", "default foo bar")

    def timer(self):
        osc_ip = settings.GetOption("osc_ip")
        osc_address = settings.GetOption("osc_address")
        osc_port = settings.GetOption("osc_port")

        hello_world = self.get_plugin_setting("hello_world", "default foo bar")

        if self.is_enabled():
            VRC_OSCLib.Chat(hello_world, True, False, osc_address, IP=osc_ip, PORT=osc_port,
                            convert_ascii=False)
        pass

    def stt(self, text, result_obj):
        if self.is_enabled():
            print("Plugin Example")
            print(result_obj['language'])
        return

    def tts(self, text, device_index):
        return

```

Commit message:

[TASK] Add on_enable + on_disable methods for plugins

documentation/plugin-creation.md, after:

# Plugin Creation

Plugins are a way to extend the functionality of Whispering Tiger.

There mignt still be changes to the plugin system in the future.

## How to use

Plugins are loaded from the `Plugins` directory in the root of the project. The directory is scanned for `.py` files and each file is loaded as a plugin.

## How to write

Plugins are written as Python classes. The class must inherit from `Plugins.Base` and implement the `init`, `timer`, `stt` and `tts` methods.

The `timer` method is called every x seconds (defined in `plugin_timer`) and is paused for x seconds (defined in `plugin_timer_timeout`) when the STT engine returned a result.

The `stt` method is called when the STT engine returns a result.

The `tts` method is called when the TTS engine is about to play a result, except when called by the sst engine.
So if you want to play a sound when the STT engine returns a result, you should do it in the `stt` method as well.

The `init` method is called at the initialization of whispering tiger, right after the settings file is loaded.

The _optional_ methods `on_enable` and `on_disable` are called when the plugin is enabled or disabled.

## Helper methods

The `Base` class provides some helper methods to make it easier to write plugins.

`get_plugin_setting(self, setting, default=None)` - Get a plugin setting from the settings file. If the setting is not yet in the settings file, the default value is used.

`set_plugin_setting(self, setting, value)` - Set a plugin setting in the settings file.

__Note:__ _When using the *_plugin_setting methods, the settings are saved with the class name as the section name. So if you have a plugin called `ExamplePlugin`, the settings will be saved in the `ExamplePlugin` section._

`is_enabled(self, default=True)` - Check if the plugin is enabled. If the plugin is not yet in the settings file, the default value is used. So by default, plugins will be enabled. Use this around your main functionality to allow enabling/disabling of your plugin even at runtime.


## Example plugin
```python
import Plugins
import settings
import VRC_OSCLib

class ExamplePlugin(Plugins.Base):
    def init(self):
        if self.is_enabled():
            print(self.__class__.__name__ + " is enabled")

            # disable OSC processing so the Plugin can take it over:
            settings.SetOption("osc_auto_processing_enabled", False)
            # disable TTS so the Plugin can take it over:
            settings.SetOption("tts_answer", False)

            # disable websocket final messages processing so the Plugin can take it over:
            # this is really only needed if you want to use the websocket to send your own messages.
            # for the Websocket clients to understand the messages, you must follow the format. (see the LLM Plugin for a good example)
            ## settings.SetOption("websocket_final_messages", False)
        else:
            print(self.__class__.__name__ + " is disabled")
        
        # prepare all possible plugin settings and their default values
        # (make sure to use get_plugin_setting() to not overwrite user changed settings)
        self.get_plugin_setting("hello_world", "default foo bar")

    # called every x seconds (defined in plugin_timer)
    def timer(self):
        osc_ip = settings.GetOption("osc_ip")
        osc_address = settings.GetOption("osc_address")
        osc_port = settings.GetOption("osc_port")

        hello_world = self.get_plugin_setting("hello_world", "default foo bar")

        if self.is_enabled():
            VRC_OSCLib.Chat(hello_world, True, False, osc_address, IP=osc_ip, PORT=osc_port,
                            convert_ascii=False)
        pass

    # called when the STT engine returns a result
    def stt(self, text, result_obj):
        if self.is_enabled():
            print("Plugin Example")
            print(result_obj['language'])
        return

    # called when the "send TTS" function is called
    def tts(self, text, device_index):
        return

    def on_enable(self):
        pass

    def on_disable(self):
        pass
```
